NFS v3 disable feature description added, Flask link correction (#1031)
MichaIng/DietPi-Docs: docs/software/file_servers.md

    exportfs -ra
    ```

>     Alternatively the service can be restarted (`systemctl restart nfs-kernel-server`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively the service can be restarted (`systemctl restart nfs-server`).
```

    The actual access configuration can be displayed with the command

    ```
    exportfs
    ```

    On the client side the mountable exports can be queried with the command

    ```
    showmount -e <NFS_SERVER>
    ```

=== "Default configuration / limit access"

    By default the DietPi NFS installation exports the directory `/mnt/dietpi_userdata` for everyone. This is configured in `/etc/exports.d/dietpi.exports`. You can edit this file to restrict the access.

>     E.g. the access to the NFS share can be limited by setting a IP address range with these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    E.g. access to the NFS share can be limited by setting an IP address range, editing `/etc/exports.d/dietpi.exports` as follows:
```

>     - Editing the file `/etc/exports.d/dietpi.exports`
>     - Changing the file to only allow users access e.g. with an IP address range of 192.168.0.1-255 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     - Editing the file `/etc/exports.d/dietpi.exports`
>     - Changing the file to only allow users access e.g. with an IP address range of 192.168.0.1-255 
> 
>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```
```

        /mnt/dietpi_userdata 192.168.0.*(rw,async,no_root_squash,fsid=0,crossmnt,no_subtree_check)
        ```

>     - Activating the new configuration (`systemctl restart nfs-kernel-server` or `exportfs -ra`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Apply the new configuration via `systemctl restart nfs-server` or `exportfs -ra`.
```

=== "NFS v3 disable/enable"

>     One option to disable NFS v3 is to add a file to the directory `/etc/nfs.conf.d/` within the section `[nfsd]`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    One option to disable NFS v3 is to add a file to the directory `/etc/nfs.conf.d/` with the following content:
```
Somehow it sounds like the file should be added to the `[nfsd]` section, instead of that it needs to contain an `[nfsd]` section. But As the content is shown below, I think it does not need to be explicitly mentioned in the text.

    ```sh
    cat << _EOF_ > "/etc/nfs.conf.d/00-dietpi.conf"
    # Disable NFS v3 (to only have NFS v4 enabled)
    #
    [nfsd]
    vers3=n
    #vers4=y
    #vers4.1=y
    #vers4.2=y
    _EOF_
    ```

    A restart of the NFS service is then necessary:

    ```sh

>     systemctl restart nfs-kernel-server.service

Reviewer: systemctl restart nfs-server

>     systemctl restart nfs-kernel-server.service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    systemctl restart nfs-server
```

    ```

    The disabled NFS v3 can be examined with:

>     ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```console
```
I don't think our MkDocs supports the `console` language for syntax highlighting yet, but let's use it, as below is no raw shell command/syntax.
